
    On your master machine go to Manage Jenkins > Manage Nodes.
    New Node --> Enter Node Name.
    Select Dumb Slave --> Press OK.
    Fill out the following:
        Set a number of executors (one or more) as needed.
        Set a Remote FS Root, a home directory for the master on the slave machine.
            For a Windows slave, use something like: "C:\Jenkins\"
            TODO: add details.
        Select the appropriate Usage setting:
            For an additional worker: Utilize this slave as much as possible 
            For specialized jobs: Leave this machine for tied jobs only
        Launch Method:
            An easy way to control a Windows slave is by using Launch slave agents via Java Web Start  (Recommended for Windows)
            TODO: add steps for other methods.
        Availability --> Keep this slave online as much as possible
            TODO: add details for each option.
        Press OK.
    Now you need to connect your slave machine to the master using the following steps.
        Open a browser on the slave machine and go to the Jenkins master server url (http://yourjenkinsmaster:8080).
        Go to Manage Jenkins > Manage Nodes, Click on the newly created slave machine. You will need to login as someone that has the "Connect" Slave permission if you have configured global security.
        Click on the Launch button to launch agent from browser on slave.
        Run the program.
            If you encounter connection issue, then you could enlarge the popup windows to see the master port used and check your network configuration (firewall, port forward, ...)
        Now you should see the Slave machine connected under Nodes.
    If you want the service to run on start-up of the slave machine do the following (Windows only directions):
        In the Slave agent program running on your slave machine, 
        click File --> Install as Windows Service. 

        Note that this feature requires ".Net Framework 3.5"
        Start, type Services and Select the Services program.
        Find Jenkins Slave in the list, Double click to open.
        Select Startup type --> Automatic.
        Go to the Log On tab, change the Log on as to a user of your choice (Special user account Jenkins recommended).
        Make sure that auto login is set for the slave machine for the user account, then the VM (or physical computer) should connect and be available when needed.
